
National Semiconductor Corp's AT/LANTIC PC/TCP Packet Driver                                                
------------------------------------------------------------                                                                               
                                                                                
 NOTE: Before installing the packet driver, please make a note of the
       configuration of your NE2000PLUS adapter. Run the PLUSDIAG Utility to 
       obtain the following information:

                A. Adapter Architecture : Programmed I/O or Shared Memory
                B. Port Address
                C. Interrupt setting

 The AT/LANTIC PC/TCP packet driver, ATDRIVE.EXE, is for use with FTP 
 Software's TCP Ethernet communication package.  It complies to FTP Softwares 
 packet driver specifications, rev 1.09.                                               
                                                                                
                                                                                
 COMMAND LINE OPTIONS:                                                          
                                                                                
 The driver makes use of the AT/LANTIC's configuration registers to read        
 many of the driver options directly from the hardware. The option -n is used
 for non AT/LANTIC based cards (such as Novell's NE2000) or an AT/LANTIC card 
 configured to be NE2000 compatible.                                             
                                                                                
         -i      Sets the packet driver's interrupt number.  These              
                 range from 0x60 to 0x80 as stated in the packet                
                 driver specifications.  The default is 0x60.                   
                                                                                
         -b      Sets I/O base address for card. The default is I/O port 0x300. 
                                                                                
         -q      Sets IRQ line to be used by card. The default is IRQ 0x3.
                 
         -m      Sets the Memory Segment for Shared Memory Mode. The default is          
                 Shared Memory Address 0xD000.
                                                                                
         -n      Force the driver to assume an NE2000 compatible card. The          
                 driver will not try to read the configuration registers and 
                 configuration will come solely from the command line. If 
                 options -b and -q are not specified, the driver will use the
                 default settings.

         -k      This option is used to remove the driver from memory.

         -h      Used to display the help screen which displays the available
                 options.

         -8      When in NE2000 compatible mode, this option will force the
                 driver to use 8-bit transfers for use in older XT style
                 slots.

Note:   When entering command line options for -b and -q, remember to enter a
        space then the value for the I/O port or IRQ. For Example:

                ATDRIVE -b 0x280 -q 0x15
                 
                                                                                
 OTHER FEATURES:                                                                
                                                                                
 The driver also has the capability of working in either I/O port or            
 shared memory mode.  The mode is read from the configuration registers         
 at startup and the driver switches modes automatically.                        
                                                                                
 The Driver will read the interrupt from the configuration registers            
 when in AT/LANTIC mode and configure itself accordingly (assuming              
 NE2000+ mapping scheme)                                                        
                                                                                
 NOTE:                                                                          
 Rev 1.2:                                                                       
   Packet driver works with Windows 3.x in I/O port mode.  Still problem
   in shared memory mode.  Cable sensing and automatic IRQ detection removed.     
                                                                                
 Rev 1.3:                                                                       
   Driver now uses the NIC's Send Packet command for I/O port transfers         
                                                                                
 Rev 1.5:                                                                       
   Fixed bug with Windows for Workgroups in shared memory mode.  Added          
   selectable RAM region for shared memory mode.

 Rev 1.6:
   Updated transfer routines.

 Rev 1.7:
   Added support for 8-bit transfers. In AT/LANTIC mode, this is detected
   automatically; setting the -8 option will be ignored. When in NE2000 mode,
   the user must set the -8 option in order to work in 8-bit slot.
                                                                                
 See the documentation available from FTP Software Inc. for their PC/TCP        
 product for more detailed information.                                         
                                                                                


